[Term Entry] C# Math Functions `.Pow()` (#1674)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/math-functions/terms/pow/pow.md

---
Title: '.Pow()'

> Description: 'Calculates the first input number to the power of the second input number.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns the result of a given number raised to the power of a second number.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Numbers'
  - 'Arithmetic'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Math.Pow()`** method returns the first input number raised to the power of the second input number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`Math.Pow()`** method returns a number raised to the power of a second number.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
Math.Pow(num1, num2)
```

> `Math.Pow()` returns the calculated value of `num1` to the power of `num2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Math.Pow()` takes two values of type `double`. It will return a `double` that is the result of the value `num1` raised to the power of value `num2`.
```

## Example

> The following example calculates the first double value `d1` to the power of the second double value `d2` and writes the result to the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the `Math.Pow()` method and writes the result to the console.
```

```cs
using System;

public class Example {
  public static void Main (string[] args) {
    double d1 = 8, d2 = 3;

>     Console.WriteLine("Math.Pow (double) = " + Math.Pow(d1,d2));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Console.WriteLine("8^3 = " + Math.Pow(d1,d2));
```

  }
}
```

This example results in the following output:

```shell

> Math.Pow (double) = 512

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8^3 = 512
```
